---
title: "Meeting Minutes"
---

# ISSS608 Group 4 Meeting Minutes

## Project Meeting 1

**Date:** 13/05/2024

**Time:** 9:00 - 9:30PM

**In Attendance:** Kristine Joy Paas, Tan Fengji

### Agenda Items

1.  Discussion on project topic
2.  Action Items

### Agenda Item 1: Discussion on project topic

-   Prior to the meeting, we have agreed on reading the different challenges from [VAST Challenge 2024](https://vast-challenge.github.io/2024/index.html) so that we can each choose our preference.

-   We disagreed on the challenge to do as Fengji prefers [MC1](https://vast-challenge.github.io/2024/MC1.html), while Kristine prefers [MC3](https://vast-challenge.github.io/2024/MC3.html).

-   We have a headstart with MC1 as techniques for Text Data Analysis were already covered in class.

-   However, Kristine raised the issue of lack of knowledge in how to identify bias in the text data.

-   We also talked about the gap in what the different challenges require vs our own knowledge, e.g., how to detect bias, anomalies in geographic data.

### Agenda Item 2: Action Items

-   We were not able to decide on the topic on this meeting and decided to reconvene during the next class (18/05).

-   Read on the challenges again and research on the knowledge gaps we discovered.

## Project Meeting 2

::: {.callout-note appearance="minimal" icon="false"}
This is just a short meeting during the break in class.
:::

**Date:** 18/05/2024

**Time:** 2:15 - 2:25 PM

**In Attendance:** Kristine Joy Paas, Tan Fengji

### Agenda Items

1.  Decide on project topic
2.  Division of tasks for Project Proposal.

### Agenda Item 1: Decide on project topic

-   We agreed to go with [MC3](https://vast-challenge.github.io/2024/MC3.html). We think that this is the challenge we can accomplish with our own knowledge and those taught in class.

### Agenda Item 2: Division of tasks for Project Proposal

We looked at the seniors' work so that we can base on our Project Proposal on from those.

-   We divided the work for the proposal as follows:

    -   Fengji: Motivation, Objectives, Problem Statement, Project Schedule

    -   Kristine: Data, Methodology, Github and Netlify setup

    -   Shared: Project Sketches, R Package list

-   Furthermore, for Take-home Ex3, we decided on the following:

    -   Fengji: Questions 1 & 2

    -   Kristine: Questions 3 & 4

If we have enough time, we will do 1 more question so that we can compare notes on the overlapping question.

## Project Meeting 3

**Date:** 22/05/2024

**Time:** 4:30 - 5:00 PM

**In Attendance:** Kristine Joy Paas, Tan Fengji

### Agenda Items

1.  Proposal Check-in
2.  Action Items

### Agenda Item 1: Proposal Check-in

-   It was only a few days before the proposal is due so we checked on each other's progress.

    -   We both have our parts ready by EoD.

-   Kristine updated that she won't be available on Sunday (when the proposal is due).

-   We decided to drop the **Problem Statement** part as it is redundant with the **Objectives**.

-   We also decided for **Prototype Sketches** to be optional as we are not familiar how it will look in the Shiny app. Alternative is to just provide sketches based on normal visualizations.

-   Our main blocker in creating the proposal is the lack of details that we cannot uncover unless we start doing the project.

### Agenda Item 2: Action Items

-   Push our work on the Project Proposal to Github so that we can check each other's work.

-   Fengji to take care of submission on Sunday as Kristine will be out.
